README.md, before:

# Emutex 56-Port GPIO Shield Library
####################################

This is an Arduino library for the Emutex 56-Port GPIO shield, based on
the Maxim Integrated MAX9657 I/O Expander and LED Display Driver.

This shield uses SPI to communicate, and has been tested with the following
Arduino platforms:

* Arduino Uno
* Intel Galileo

Created by Emutex, an embedded software engineering company based in Ireland.
For more information, please visit http://www.emutexlabs.com

To download, click the DOWNLOAD ZIP button, rename the uncompressed folder to
Emutex_MAX9657.  Check that the Emutex_MAX9657 folder contains
Emutex_MAX9657.cpp and Emutex_MAX9657.h

Place the Emutex_MAX9657 library folder in your Arduino libraries folder, and
restart the IDE.

## TODO

* Add support for GPIO input modes
* Add option to allow per-port configuration of input/output/ccled mode
* Consider adding methods to get/set all port values in a single call
* Auto-detect number of MAX9657 devices in daisy-chain.

Commit message:

Add PCB CAD file for the Emutex 56-Port GPIO shield
Initial version (1A) of the PCB CAD file for the shield
Created with FreePCB 1.359

Signed-off-by: Dan O'Donovan <dan@emutex.com>

README.md, after:

# Emutex 56-Port GPIO Shield Library
####################################

This is an Arduino library for the Emutex 56-Port GPIO shield, based on
the Maxim Integrated MAX9657 I/O Expander and LED Display Driver.

This shield uses SPI to communicate, and has been tested with the following
Arduino platforms:

* Arduino Uno
* Intel Galileo

Created by Emutex, an embedded software engineering company based in Ireland.
For more information, please visit http://www.emutexlabs.com

To download, click the DOWNLOAD ZIP button, rename the uncompressed folder to
Emutex_MAX9657.  Check that the Emutex_MAX9657 folder contains
Emutex_MAX9657.cpp and Emutex_MAX9657.h

Place the Emutex_MAX9657 library folder in your Arduino libraries folder, and
restart the IDE.

The PCB CAD file for the GPIO shield, created with FreePCB 1.359, can be found
in the PCB sub-folder.

## TODO

* Add support for GPIO input modes
* Add option to allow per-port configuration of input/output/ccled mode
* Consider adding methods to get/set all port values in a single call
* Auto-detect number of MAX9657 devices in daisy-chain.
